hi monks Chris Voss here phonique
response should i come to Christmas show
com come here the blog post you want to
share their course we review the latest
of social media and technology we have
phones from all the major carriers to
review be sure to LIKE and subscribe to
them on youtube so you can get all the
latest greatest as the phones are sent
out to us very smartly but all the great
carriers that are out there we're going
to do is we're going to cover for the
month of July what we feel are the best
phone so that you can take and purchase
on each carrier it's going to be the one
that I highly recommend if you have
questions as to why i recommend it will
lewd to it a little bit but the best
thing to do is to catch the reviews on
the chris voss show.com website or code
or youtube so let's start off by one of
our favorite cares because they're the
fastest download and upload time and
they seem to do really good for us no
matter where we're at especially even in
our my thighs att.com that's AT&T calm
you know the website check out their
stuff what are we recommended for the
month of july in 2013 we are
recommending the samsung galaxy s4
you're going to find that weary love
this phone we've had it for a while we
think it's pretty awesome now 18t just
did release the samsung galaxy s4 active
which is kind of a waterproof sort of
phone it only has an 8-megapixel camera
but it seems to have all the same
internals that the samsung galaxy s4 is
we're hopefully going to be reviewing
that soon but i think we're still going
to go with our samsung galaxy s4 as the
number one recommended phone to take in
go with from AT&T if I had my second
choice I would do the HTC One it's very
secondary fast phone to the samsung
galaxy s4 so those reviewing to top
choices for the AT&T networks and of
course I'm also recommending the top OS
what I'm doing this so you won't see me
referencing any other os's other than
ones i recommend how's that so now let's
flip over to verizon have verizon
wireless comm our friends over at
verizon wireless and let's take a look
at what's out there on the market now
you have two droid phones etc etc but
the phone that we're mostly interested
just barely came to them at the end of i
think this month is the or the end of
last month i should say the same
son galaxy s4 and it of course is in
here you can see based upon its price
it's definitely selling well and very
popular and so we'd recommend this for
your verizon account if you have one and
if not you can check them out compare
their services etc etc but we definitely
would recommend the samsung galaxy s4
sadly there's no HTC one over here on
the verizon network the only other phone
that i probably recommend that had 1080p
is the droid DNA which i did like but it
was a little slow for me not as fast as
I really wanted to be although I did
love it it was the hardest phone for me
or turned to verizon sprint sprint with
sprint now they seem to have all the
latest and greatest too if you go there
sprint website at shop sprint com you
can see that the galaxy s4 is once again
the phone that I am highly highly
recommending they actually do of the HTC
One if you want to get that as a
secondary backup you like having the
speakers from face forward but i tell
you i have both phones i really really
really really really really really
really love my 18 ts4 Sprint's kind of
two it's a beautiful thing I just had
some friends American domination that
are with sprint that bought the samsung
galaxy s4 they're extremely extremely
happy with a choice so that being said
I'd recommend this phone if you're on
the sprint mobile network virgin virgin
mobile USA com sends his phones to
review and they're great company very
popular we found especially on our
youtube views they got a lot of views so
what we recommend on virgin i'm going to
surprise you hear a little bit but i
would recommend the iphone 5 you're like
Chris you've been recommending the
samsung's all this time how would the
samsung galaxy s3 samsung galaxy s3 is
very nice phone but the iphone 5 is a
much speeder has much faster processor
much faster everything all around i
think in my mind a much better phone and
much better get updated OS and
everything else if you do have to be an
android person I would definitely say go
with the s3 over some of these other
products throughout their the market ed
tell their they're not quite as good as
the s3 but i would definitely on virgin
mobile recommend you to the iphone 5
it's much faster and
speed and it's just a more updated
device now lastly let's go to boost
mobile boost mobile and good friends
over there you know their website at
boost mobile com that's boost mobile com
and we're going to go ahead and
recommend the samsung galaxy s3 which is
one of the best phones out there with
their system as in virgin mobile you pay
for the phone in front and you're not
locked into a contract for two years
some people like that as a better way to
go and they have the freedom to do what
they want so you can check that out at
boost mobile highly recommend the
samsung galaxy s3 so if you have no this
is a pattern yer really love samsung
galaxy phones I think they're beautiful
wonderful phones so people complain
about the plasticky case but inside
they're just kick butt phones and they
definitely are rocking rolling and
Samsung is on the cutting edge of chips
and everything else that they're doing
the marketplace so be sure to tune in
next month for the top phones that will
be recommending we're going to be doing
this every month to begin the month or
recommend the phones that we think you
should buy on each of the major services
out there in the marketplace and be sure
to check in and compare all the services
for what you want to do and of course
the services may vary in your area you
may have one carry that's better than
the other so now you can compare which
phones will work best for you depend
upon the carrier you prefer thanks for
coming by the chris voss show com be
sure to check back in often give us a
like and subscribe to us on youtube